Ha ha ha
Phoenix, tell me how you did it.
It's very simple.
I conveniently bought a bottle of milk worth several hundred million, a bottle of milk.
Come on, honey.
You tell me.
Sir.
The young master took a porcelain vase at the auction house.
After smashing it, it was discovered that there was an ancient Han period jewel inside.
The auction house used the high price to buy this ancient jewel.
This kid is so lucky.
Casually buying a porcelain vase hides ancient Han period gems.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Fengming, this kid is such a stupid blessed fool.
Dad, I'm not right.
My son is the smartest.
That's right.
I'm so smart.
Did my mother give me milk on purpose?
Oh, youth.
You've grown up like that.
You are all bullying me on this.
You all lie to me, I'll beat you to death.
What do you say it has to do with me?
It's okay.
But I see you, I want to beat you.
Husband, look, haha, okay, okay.
I said something.
This is for Xiao Bat to feed you.